Hey guys, it's John and Guy from Surf
Effects and we're looking at what's new
in foiling. It's February 2026. Uh it
has been a busy month, busy month and a
half. It's been a busy summer for us. We
got tons of new gear that has come
through. So, where to start? Let's start
uh right here.
>> O
stash. Stash belt.
>> Stash. That's Yeah, that's the stash
harness. The new one from Ozone.
>> Giant pouch on it. Kangaroo style. Jam
your uh jam your parow wing in it.
>> It's got a quick release knife on it.
And it's got a hook, which the previous
one uh previous belt, you know, was
handy, but it didn't have the hook. So
now it comes with that little kind of
>> the harnessy hook.
>> The belt is
>> you can add the hook.
>> The belt. There's the belt. Yes.
>> Or this sucker. So there is a belt and
then this one too. So
>> you have to add a hook.
>> Yes. So now you got the harnesses built
in and it's a bigger bigger pouch and a
bit more padding on it too.
>> And this is crucial if you're starting.
I don't have one yet and I'm not getting
upwind as well as the guys with them.
It's pretty decent the angle you get
extra with that hook.
>> So we got lots of accessories. Uh new
wings.
>> Armstrong uh the beast pump and glide
machine downwind weapon.
Guys are surfing them as well. The
smaller sizes surf really well and quite
a few guys are foil driving on the small
sizes with the UHA um because you're
able to get a lot of lift from that wing
profile and the foil drive of course
gives you the boost you need.
>> Yeah, they carry unreal. They're fast.
They're a sexy wing.
>> Uh speaking of glide axis, we got the
new big fireballs. So this is the 1750.
It is 170 uh 1,750 mm long. So, I'm 6'2.
That's with shoes on as well now. And
you see how tall that is. That combined
with their they actually make a mast and
fuselage specifically for these bigger
wings called the fatties. It's basically
a cut down really tall mast. So, it's
got a chunkier section where it meets
the fuselage because you need that extra
stiffness when you're going this wide.
>> It's really important. And I just got
off the phone to a gentleman in Sydney
and he's riding it um with the fatty but
has got the Ultra and he he can tell you
if it's windy, if you're a lighter
rider, you're going to feel the flex. So
definitely worth getting the fatty. With
the big guy, definitely want the fatty.
Um they got some other new surf wings.
So there's the new Axis Surge and the
matching surf skinny tail. So the
skinnies have been awesome. the surf
skinny little bit of tweak in the shape
and basically you have a little bit
shorter deeper profile but very thin and
fast and they pair up with the surge
wings. So the surge is
their performance
>> surfing isn't it? Yeah.
>> Yeah. Really really impressive what he's
done. They have zero front foot when you
when you don't want front foot. This
thing comes into its own. So bigger
surf, bigger wings handling bigger
waves. Finally back in stock.
>> Finally.
>> Finally back in stock. The first three
shipments we had were sold before they
arrived and we get pretty big shipments.
Uh it is one that really handles a tip
breach quite well. Doesn't have as much
cavitation. So it's built for aggressive
hard tips out surfing. So yeah, go on.
Get your tips out. Woo.
>> And for reference, I'm 80 something kilo
now and I was on the 830 in pretty large
surf with a Fusion and it was handling
it was unreal. Um, keeping along the
powered route, some foil drive bits. So,
these are helmet hats. So, Armstrong
have done a range. We've got a few
others in there. Uh, we've got a few
other helmets like this one from Mystic.
Particularly popular are the helmet hats
cuz if you're out in the sun, you're
going to want a hat anyway. So, you
might as well have one that's a shell.
People ask, uh, especially getting into
the sport, when do I need a helmet? When
do I need an impact vest, things like
that, you don't need it until you do,
and then you're going to end up with a
bit of a knock on the head and stitches
and things like that. So, cut down on
your risk out there and keep the sun off
you.
>> You going to wear this?
>> Put it on.
>> They're They're cool. All the cool guys
are wearing them. They just make you
super cool.
It's about the protection comes all the
way down.
>> And it's about the comfort.
>> It is good face protection too for
winging. Uh and you do have a rigid
forehead. So some basically the coverage
of a hat is nowhere near the same as
what you get on this. But uh you do kind
of look like a sperm.
How comfy is it? Oh, [laughter]
>> compact.
>> These are really well priced, too. I
looked at all the other ones that aren't
as sexy, and these are
>> That's an Armstrong
>> an Armstrong product. It's
amazing.
>> All right, back in stock finally because
we again we sold out straight away. This
is the Code X series. This is their new
>> performance
>> core performance surf wing core surf
>> again. Great. Great on the turns. It
rolls over. It's got less front foot in
big waves. It's It's giving foil drive
guys a real
free feeling foil. It's less uh yeah,
less lifty. A lot of guys get a lot of
front foot on a four-wheel drive.
>> Yeah. And the new size today, the new
700 came out today. Uh but yeah, we just
did a video with Ben from Code and we
just talked about the profiles and what
this is for, how this fits in the range
with the S and the RS and uh basically
this is for guys who want more
aggressive tight turning in the pocket.
Again, tips are quite curved up uh but
you can run it powered on a four-wheel
drive really well. So
>> yeah, the the beauty is don't be scared
to go up like to the 890 or 985. Us
lighter guys are riding lighter than us.
The 985 in small waves is really cool
with a foil drive cuz you can pump a bit
more. They got a bit more glide. I'm
loving the 890. It's one up from our 810
demo. It's unreal. It's been super fun.
>> The caddy
the fusion.
>> So that beast. This is the
caddy. You got a basically
digital battery tender, we'll call it.
It uh you allows you to discharge your
battery, but it's also kind of handy to
carry it and move it around. So, if you
do want to put it into storage mode,
it'll do it for you. And then, of
course, you've got your That is the
Fusion battery, uh the new big boy. So,
run time on this, we're getting easy
hour plus uh hour 20. um
>> hour and a half on a 680, but you get
two hours on a bigger foil.
>> So bigger, bigger board.
>> You can go touring, you go upwind. If
you want to do upwind or downwinders,
it's
>> this is the one. This is the one.
Different voltage, so everything runs a
bit more powerful.
>> If you want to win races in
>> win races,
>> that's the one. Um and then the boards
to go with the four drive, the Senova
trench board. Uh it is designed to
handle the bigger new ones, the uh the
Fusion.
>> Yeah. So, the the new Sova trench.
Amazing. So, still got to take the uh
battery out, the the foil drive out, I
should say, to replace the battery. But
with the Max, you don't with the Fusion,
you don't need to even take it out
really. You have one session, you're
done. So, Senova really worked on it.
They said, "We don't want the big
trench. The performance is quite
substantial with that." And if you've
got a Fusion, which a lot of guys are
going to with a product like this, um,
yeah, you just use one battery. So, it's
irrelevant taking it out.
>> It really bridges the surfing add-on
foil to the fullon, you know, massive e-
foil. The uh, the Fusion has been
unrealizing
next week.
>> Shipments of everything been coming in.
We just received one of, you know,
Starboard and the SOPs and things like
that. But yeah, Senova container
arriving next week and that's got more
of those boards. It's got more of the
Casey boards. So, lots of stuff. Yeah,
we'll get to that one. So, that's the
coaster. Um,
while we're
>> Oh, well, we're on the
>> on the code X integrated mass. We've
just done a video with two.
>> So, Code Mass. Uh, we'll have the We've
got 11s in stock now. More will be in
stock after Chinese New Year. Two
heights that Code has done. They did an
11 cm prop
which what here we have one and then
they've done the 17. So pretty unique.
They're the only guys that have done one
that low. So ultra ultra high
performance just allowing you to uh to
to get that prop out of the water. So
downwinding it's up and out of the
water. Uh you're not going to be
touching down nearly as much as on the
17 or super aggressive surface when it's
glassy. That's what it's really for. But
uh downwinding glassy surf go you can go
with that 11 and just give yourself a
bit more performance and mass length to
uh to pump.
>> Yeah when [snorts] you look at them I
put them up next to each other. It isn't
substantial. So if you're buying one
it's really good to note that like the
difference I'm riding both very happy
with both this definitely for glassy
downwind conditions like John just said
as well.
All right now sticking with integrated.
Whoa. That's the integrated Armstrong
back in stock. We pumped through these.
It's super light mast. That's their
performance. So, they they only do the
one size uh as most of them do, but they
also do an e- foil down below if you're
so inclined to have it down below. But
it really just gives you a different
integrated pod. It's funny to see the
the different brands have different
pods basically that they've molded in.
So Armstrong try to have their point
taper start right from the beginning.
Some of the other brands like the code
uh start a little bit further back. They
start roughly, you know, 15 millimeters
back. They kind of start to taper out.
So they all have their own take on the
design, but all these integrated masks
coming back through. And the Axis uh
integrated are first shipment sold out
straight away. They're
>> back in stock after Chinese New Year.
>> Yep. Yep. So, they're coming in, you
know, early next month, uh, back with
the Axis integrateds. And they do two
different constructions. So, you've got
their high modulus and then you've got
their ultra high modulus. So, really, if
you really want it stiffer,
uh, pair winging is going nuts.
>> Yeah,
>> you know, pair wings. We got the F1
frig. We got about 20 of these rocked up
today. So, we got a new shipment of
these. the new ozone.
>> Yeah, nearly my favorite wing at the
moment along with the Duo Tone. We just
rode these back to back and the the
improvements are substantial. So, the
lines, everything that I noticed coming
from previous wings, these are just very
easy to flag away. So close.
>> Well, the design of that is meant to be
more the downwinding wing as opposed to
the upwind of the uh of the other stuff.
>> Yeah. All around.
>> Yeah, all around. It's It's amazing.
It's actually really quite refreshing
when you get out on a good wing. If
you've had any of the previous wings,
it's amazing. It's easy to plag. If you
are wing dinging
duoone, that's the Duoone pump. Uh it is
an electric pump, so it's nice and
light. It's so it's easy to travel with.
Comes in a nice little case. Multiple
attachments for all sorts of stuff. So,
you can blow up your blow up doll or
stand up paddle board, whatever. Uh, but
it just makes that blowing up your wing
pretty quick and easy. So, you pop it
on, hit the go button. It's weight. It's
got enough weight to kind of hold it
down. Not if it's super super windy. Um,
but h you can just
>> I've had to chase one. A person let it
drift down the street. It was still
going and it
>> it's really windy.
>> It was hilarious.
>> Put something on it or tie it onto a
tree or something.
>> It will not weigh your bigger kites
down.
>> No. But it's it's uh it's it's just nice
and easy to set it up, push pump, get
dressed, and it's done. It's ready. It
goes it programs to your pressure you
requested, everything.
>> And we use them in the shop, and we get,
I don't know, four or five days before
we even charge it, and it's doing pretty
much every wing and kite we fix. So,
they're amazing.
>> Pair of boards,
axis, the mini dart. That is their uh
parab board. Um, they've also got the
dart if you want that longer kind of
faster length. And this also suits kind
of like a sub foil board as well. So,
we've just done a video on this. You can
have a look. It's just a nice
lightweight carbon board done by Frank
um who's who's shaping for axis at the
moment. You see there Frank downwinder.
The makeo absolutely changed the game,
changed the whole sport and how boards
are are designed. And this is his uh his
parowing and uh and subfoil board
shapes.
And the coaster's answer to yeah the
Frank to uh a parrowing board that's
designed pretty much for guys that have
all got you know their long down wind
boards coming into a proper you know
parrowing board and it's it's
substantial when you when you do have
less swing weight on the parrowing
>> way easier just transport
>> it's more fun. Yeah. and downwind's, you
know, about carving and not necessarily
racing. So, and you can cross over into
S paddling.
>> Something that these guys have done that
some of the other brands haven't done in
their more paring boards, tons of
inserts, like so many inserts, uh, it's
not funny. So, if you can't get your
foot strap set up on this the way you
want it, you got some weird specs that
you're chasing. Um,
designwise, box is quite forward. Sharp
rail, continuous sharp rail all the way
down. Uh, even up the front is is fairly
sharp here before the chine. So, it's
just meant to release. All these
mid-length longer boards are just meant
to move through the water and let go.
Now, uh, so much more stuff. Now,
continuing with our new stuff. This has
been my favorite toy lately because I've
been on this a lot. This is the DTE.
This is the Duoone electric foil. It
runs a batteries are in like a harness
on your back, so it gets the weight off
the board.
For me, as a kiteboarder, no different
having that on. You kind of feel the
weight by the time I'm in the water. By
the time I'm halfway down the beach, I'm
like kind of forget it's there. But you
just can carry it so easy.
>> It's amazing. Yeah. So, the weight taken
out of the board is for the guy that is
wanting that prone feeling. And the
battery weight on your back is not there
is not even noticeable once you
>> That's the batteries. You have two of
these in there and they're travel size.
So you can bring them on the plane with
you and tra I mean makes it nice and
easy to travel. Uh alloy option, carbon
options, adapters to suit pretty much
every brand from the uh in the alloy
setup. So you've got a lot of great
great options there to do it. And yeah,
I I've just found it the weight is what
got me just carrying it around of just
lifting it up comfortably. It was nice
and easy.
>> Yeah. And we'll have demos. If you want
to come in and give it a crack and you
know how to foil, come and grab one.
>> Now,
>> F1.
>> F1. Okay. This is the new F1 mass
system. Um,
what's this called?
>> Titan. This is the new F1 mass system,
the Titan 2. Basically, what they've
done, they've done a Tuttlebox style,
you know, uh, connection point. So,
brand new connection point, way stiffer.
The new wings all have that built into
their built-in fuselage.
What you're getting is just that kind of
wedge system that locks in really,
really firm. So, when the other system
was designed, you know, wings weren't as
big as they were, um, but now being a
much broader wing and the and the
pressure that people are putting on
them, you know, riding so hard, jumping,
things like that, uh, they need a
stiffer connection and they got it here.
So, what you're left with is a very
light and this is a 12 mm thick mast.
So, this is super thin, super fast. It
is what they dynamic structure
structural.
>> You see ultra high modulus carbon
dynamic structural design. Um but yeah,
ultra high modulus 12 mm thick mass. So
the drag on this is just
>> Yeah, there's nothing wrong with
[snorts] the previous one either. They
were insane and we've definitely got
some good deals on them too if you
>> Yeah. So because they're changing that
over,
>> the f other F1 stuff, the existing stuff
all in stock is really quite discounted.
So you can get some deals like the Skate
uh is, you know, their best selling surf
wing. Uh wing weight for wing foiling is
unreal and they're quite quite marked
down now.
>> Yeah. Have a look surf.com.au.
Check out some deals.